So what is the MongoDB Database.
A database, meaning a structured
way to store and access data.
More specifically, it
is a NoSQL database.
NoSQL is a very generic term
used to describe any data store
that doesn't use legacy approach
of related tables of data.
This means that you're storing
your data in an organized way,
but not in rows and columns
An example of
NoSQL databases can
be anything from a
library card catalog,
to a more sophisticated
data store like MongoDB.
Since the range of what
NoSQL means is so wide,
we must narrow our
definition further.
MongoDB is a NoSQL
document database.
This means that data in
MongoDB is stored as documents.
We will cover what a document
is in the next lesson.
These documents are in
turn stored in what we
call collections of documents.
That's why MongoDB is
categorized as a NoSQL document
database.
In conclusion, the
MongoDB database
is a NoSQL document database.